docs: Added an example of downloading the latest stable version (#16968)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/cli_installation.md

rm argocd-linux-amd64
```

#### Download latest stable version

> You can download the latest stable release by setting the following `VERSION`

Reviewer: Considering users do not need to set anything to execute below commands, what do you think about rephrasing as below?
```suggestion
You can download the latest stable release by executing below steps:
```
